W-12467261 | Release Edifact connector 2.8.0 (#2364)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: edifact-edi/2.8/modules/ROOT/pages/edifact-edi-connector-reference.adoc

| Syntax version a| Enumeration, one of:

* VERSION2
* VERSION3
* VERSION4 |  Syntax version for send messages. This version determines the data structures used for service segments and CONTRL acknowledgment message structures in DataSense metadata for both send and receive messages. The actual message data for receive messages reflects the syntax version used in the received interchange. |  VERSION4 |
| Segment line ending a| Enumeration, one of:

* NONE
* LF
* CRLF
* CR |  Line ending to add between segments. This can improve the readability of the output message text. |  NONE |
| Always send UNA | Boolean a|  
* true
+
Always send a UNA service segment.
+
* false
+
Include a UNA in an interchange when the syntax separator characters don't match the defaults for the syntax version and character encoding in use. |  false |
| Enforce valid characters | Boolean a| Enforce valid characters when using syntax levels UNOA and UNOB. 

* true
+
The connector rejects received messages that contain characters not allowed by the syntax level.
+
* false
+
The connector either uses a substitution character if one is set, or passes the disallowed characters through. |  true |

> | Use Functional Groups | Boolean a| Version of the group message inside functional group envelopes (UNG - UNE):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use Functional Groups | Boolean a| Group messages with the same functional group identifier inside UNG - UNE envelopes:
```
I believe this description fits better.

| Mule interchange ID | String a|  Identification for Mule in the exchange (UNB segment). This value is used in combination with the value of the *Mule ID qualifier* field, and if one field is set, the other must also be set.
{sp}+
{sp}+
If set, this value affects both send and receive message handling:

* On the receive side, the UNB interchange recipient identification must match this value.
* On the send side, the connector uses this value as the UNB interchange sender identification unless it is overridden in the message parameters. |  |
//Mule ID qualifier
| Mule ID qualifier | String a|  Identification qualifier for Mule in the exchange (UNB segment). This value is used in combination with the value of the *Mule interchange ID* field, and if one field is set, the other must also be set. 
{sp}+
{sp}+
If set, this value affects both send and receive message handling:

*  On the receive side, the UNB interchange recipient identification code qualifier must match this value. 
* On the send side, the connector uses this value as the UNB interchange sender identification code qualifier unless it is overridden in either the send configuration or the message parameters. |  |1

> | Mule application sender/recipient ID | String a|  Identification for Mule in the exchange (UNG segment). This value is used in combination with the value of the *Mule application sender/recipient ID qualifier* field, and if one field is set, the other must also be set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Mule application sender/recipient ID | String a|  Identification for the Mule app in the exchange (UNG segment). This value is used in combination with the value of the *Mule application sender/recipient ID qualifier* field, and if one field is set, the other must also be set.
```

Reviewer 2: ? Not sure what "the Mule" is referring to.

{sp}+
{sp}+
If set, this value affects both send and receive message handling:

* On the receive side, the UNG group recipient identification must match this value.
* On the send side, the connector uses this value as the UNG group sender identification unless it is overridden in the message parameters. |  |

> | Mule application sender/recipient ID qualifier | String a|  Identification qualifier for Mule in the exchange (UNG segment). This value is used in combination with the value of the *Mule application sender/recipient ID* field, and if one field is set, the other must also be set.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above. "the Mule"?
I wonder why the field name isn't showing up as bold.

{sp}+
{sp}+
If set, this value affects both send and receive message handling:

* On the receive side, the UNB interchange sender identification code qualifier must match this value.
* On the send side, the connector uses this value as the UNB interchange recipient identification code qualifier unless it is overridden in either the send configuration or the message parameters. |  |
| Partner application sender/recipient ID | String a|  Identification for the partner in the exchange (UNG segment). This value is used in combination with the value of the *Partner application sender/recipient ID qualifier* field, and if one field is set, the other must also be set.
{sp}+
{sp}+
If set, this value affects both send and receive message handling:

* On the receive side, the UNG group sender identification must match this value.
* On the send side, the connector uses this value as the UNG group recipient identification code unless it is overridden in either the send configuration or the message parameters. |  |

> | Parter application sender/recipient ID qualifier | String a|  Identification qualifier for the partner in the exchange (UNG segment). This value is used in combination with the value of the *Partner application sender/recipient ID* field, and if one field is set, the other must also be set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Partner application sender/recipient ID qualifier | String a|  Identification qualifier for the partner in the exchange (UNG segment). This value is used in combination with the value of the *Partner application sender/recipient ID* field, and if one field is set, the other must also be set.
```
